today is one of the craziest days of my
life
like I cannot believe what I'm about to
tell you guys I'm gonna leave it up to
you to decide whatever you think of it
and make whatever you want to it but for
me this has been a lifelong dream to
have any involvement with a brand like
this and it was honestly shocked and
something that I'm it's still extremely
kind of taken back by and humbled by
because this is something that I really
wanted to work towards that manipulated
in my own head and thought about and
thought about and thought about it and
it's literally come to real life and I
just I just can't believe what's
happening and when I'm about to show you
guys and tell you guys is something that
I don't think many people will ever get
to experience in their life and it's
something that I'm extremely proud of
and grateful for and I wanted to share
that with you guys so yeah here it is
the other day I was contacted on
Instagram by someone who was a brand
manager for a chapter of Nike
yes Mike now I was so blown away and
taken back by I had a double check and
everything like that and just to make
that kind of connection is something
that I never thought I would ever really
do being a scooter ride out it's
somewhat frowned upon in the corporate
world in that kind of sense like there's
so many big companies out there that are
you know able to sponsor scooter riders
that don't and I honestly think that
it's only a matter of time at the rate
that we're going scooters are blowing up
and things like that are gonna happen in
the future when I don't really know I
can't you know make that decision for
them but I think they're gonna get to a
point in time where there's so many
crazy guys riding and so many good
marketing ambassadors that they could
use for their brand that it's gonna be
stupid for them not to using anyway to
elaborate on this I didn't get this
contact directly for riding scooters and
I want to make that clear if you are
watching this video and think that it's
a cliff bait or anything it is not it is
not click bad at all
but I just want to make sure there's
perfectly clear I did not get this
directly for riding scooters I actually
was contacted by the brand manager of
knock football and what they actually
you know
incorporates is soccer here in Australia
or football around the world as it is
known and it's something that I'm very
passionate about known I think one of
the major sporting brands in the world
means that it's at the forefront of
innovation especially in terms of
football boots and things like that I've
been a massive fan of knife ever since I
was young I can only remember ever
having one pair of boots that won't
night and they were like really
revolutionary at that time and one about
David Beckham who was my idol so you can
tell why I bought them other than that
though I've always had nice boots and
Knight products so to make this kind of
connection with night football is
something that I honestly never thought
would happen in my wildest dreams being
young kids so many kids dream of being
sponsored by night or something like
that or getting free boots from Mike or
whatever and I'm about to open a package
full of free goodies that I have no idea
what they are I literally just got them
sent to me like they said they're gonna
send it yesterday and boom it's already
here so I'm gonna take you guys on for
this ride I'm I'm really hyped right now
I don't know what's inside the box and
it's gonna be kind of awkward for me to
share my excitement because I'm
literally just so blown away and taken
back by but I know you guys want to know
what's in the box so let's check it out
honey - all right time for the big
reveal
oh damn
ah so first off we have these like
tracky night shots these are sick
black-on-black the AF one is going to be
really comfy I've got some trips coming
up so I'm most likely Rainey's on the
plane so really seeker item gets so
actually hard for this I wasn't
expecting anything like this so that's
really cool
hey most of you know that I'm a Western
Sydney Wanderers supporter and their
season literally just started like a
week or two ago brand new jerseys of
coming out I actually was going to go on
bond these shops because I'm hopefully
going to the Sydney Darby this weekend
but yeah got my own now so so hyped on
that line massive thanks guys seriously
this is so sick I just can't even
describe what's happening right now so
other than that that's actually such a
sick journey - definitely not bad for
life alright
oh my god so there's some boxes in here
on the skin it I'm just gonna grab one
and just show you magista próximo tunes
oh these are fresh man I've seen these
what these things are so sick I've been
wearing magista próximos for endure for
the last year I think it is and honestly
one of my favorite boots I've ever had
super comfy great on the ball and to
have him in this sick Holloway like my
last color was black so having a bright
color is awesome damn these are so fresh
dude these are sick
all right how many guys are just as
excited to me so I'm gonna keep going I
don't hear working here night add zoom
Pegasus so I'm not too sure what these
are top my head got some socks actually
to go with the boots before they're
gonna be sick I actually had a pair of
these socks the squad socks they're such
good betraying they got like a grip on
the bottom I think it's actually called
an iron grip or something like that but
yet really it doesn't slide around your
boots and stuff so that's gonna be
thought all right let's check these damn
these are sleek man I need to get in the
gym these guys are hooking it up so I
think this is a basis that would have
said yeah knock adds new faces and they
start black red and blue call away and
he's gonna be really sick honestly I
really do need to get back into running
and getting fit and stuff like that so
there's gonna be dirt but there's still
more guys there's honestly still more ah
there's two different colored officer
the other box is orange but the guy
actually mentioned this to me and this
is something that I cannot believe so do
you know what these are you were known
how stick this is these like I don't
think they're limited edition but I
think they're like somewhat of it like
you know superior run another made a few
different colorways but these are the
triple black vape max help brush to
these things damn this is so sick dude I
never thought I'd really have like
seriously it's like they're pretty out
there pretty funky and you know being it
kind of skated salt when it comes to
dressing and stuff like that I don't
really know how much I wear there but my
main type of Jam been going there a
little bit been trying to get back and
getting fit and everything and you know
with summer season out of season we're
doing a lot of cross-training doing like
some running and stuff so they do me so
fresh man I don't even want to running
these it's so crisp Danny's a fresh guys
these are so sick
all right now there's one last box in
there like one last box and I'm so
nervous I don't know what they are
content labor or anything it could you
know they could just be another pair of
mothers of slang oh damn all right so
right here we have my favorite Nike dude
I don't know what the colorway is it is
the indoor one the próximo so I don't
know what's gonna happen right here Cola
way wise but hypervenom is my favorite
Nike boot of all time I've been wearing
them for the past two or three years
three years spying soccer yeah the past
three years and honestly best feeling
boot for my boot shade and stuff like
that feels awesome
suits my style play you know as an
attacking player but yeah so hard to see
what colors are oh yeah these the dough
these are so dope so pretty much what
these are pipe venom in or boot as you
can see it's got the split side it's got
the flying it up art
these things are so sick I'll probably
actually really if these guy haven't had
hot venom in dug boots before actually
no that's a lie I have had hypervenom in
no bitch before but I haven't had them
recently had so I'm a couple of years
ago and I've accidentally bought like a
really tight size right before a game
and didn't have any other boots so I
just had no choice but to wear I
couldn't really take him back or
anything like that so these are only
stiff to try out we've got the knock
soon technology in the hill right there
but yeah these are gonna be so fresh so
yeah before I really like pack it all
the way or whatever and go test it all
out I just want to say a massive thanks
to a few people first of all you guys
you were the people that make this
possible you guys given me a following
giving me an image and a branding to
help myself get these kind of
opportunities without you I honestly
would not be able to do what I do and
I'm so grateful for that so thank you so
much second of all I'd like to say a
massive thanks to Nick from Night
Football this is incredible dude like
honestly one of the best things that's
ever happened in my life to get hook up
with Mike is incredible and I'm so
grateful they've noticed me that you
like what I'm doing and hopefully we can
work some more in the future man this is
honestly one of the best days of my life
thanks to you so thank you so much and
yeah I just want to thank everyone
realistically for supporting me and
believing in what I'm
and back you me because at the end of
the day I just want to make good content
for you guys be good person good role
model and hopefully set a great example
for you guys that actually watch my
content following our videos my
Instagram whatever and yeah so if you
haven't subscribed please head down and
subscribe if you haven't followed me on
social media all the links will be down
below for you to do that but yeah
massive thanks for watching today guys
I'm gonna give you a little montage
right now of all the things I got you
ready let's go
[Music]
so I'm putting this in here right now so
you guys can see it literally came from
the Nike Australia administration office
and I'm putting it in there because a
lot of you would think that yeah
whatever you've just bought it for
yourself but this is something I'm
extremely proud of and I just wanted to
clarify that so now I thought this was
fake
[Music]